# World’s Public Blockchain for a Distributed Smart Map Ecosystem
Based on the characteristics of distributed, anti-tampering and traceability, the Blockchain will build a new trust mechanism, which will accelerate the digital circulation of production value, change the way of value transfer, and promote the intelligent allocation of social entity resources to achieve the consensus of the common governance and sharing. The combination of the real economy and the location service that necessarily match the characteristics of the Blockchain will provide a basic guarantee.

GoWithMi aims to build the world's first end-to-end decentralized Location Based Service (LBS) ecosystem, providing the basic service infrastructure for trusted location services for the Blockchain world. We believe in the vision of connecting real-world location-based data using this powerful technology. At GoWithMi, we are establishing a low-cost and high-quality global distributed mapping platform to chart the world in real-time, as well as serving as a global decentralized location ecology platform. 

The challenges of traditional, centralized, map providers include high cost, poor real-time performance, oligopoly, weak privacy guarantees, and revenue models that entirely neglects the end users. We are building the infrastructure to support location-triggered smart contracts that we believe will correct current shortcomings of mapping services. GoWithMi provides an innovative “three-in-one” solution: spatial consensus, location-based profit sharing, and space co-governance. Our spatial consensus layer will drive the production, distribution, and management of spatial information from participants of the system, mapping the world in real-time. To ensure that all participants are adequately incentivized, we introduce the construct of location-based profit sharing whereby each type of participants will have clearly defined ownership rights. We understand the critical role of governance and believe our space co-governance model ensures a healthy ecosystem going forward.

GoWithMi’s original intention for design this ecosystem is to return every value creator in a way that equals rights and profit sharing, not only to ensure universal map services but also to protect user privacy and restore data sovereignty to individuals. It will lead to a more equal, smarter, self-evolving data affirmative society in which everyone has the right to benefit from the value they create, and everyone has the right to benefit from the economic growth they contribute.

Cross chain interoperability provides an immediate scaling solution today, as well as providing the technological flexibility to deploy the best tools on the most appropriate Blockchains. As such, GoWithMi is building smart contracts across multiple Blockchains to leverage the benefit afforded by cross-chain deployments. This will have the added ability to create an entire mapping ecosystem complete with location intelligence and fully realizing potential commercial applications. The GoWithMi team believes that having a decentralized mapping ecosystem will give developers and other businesses the tools to build services on top of such as food, clothing, housing, and living facilities, reshaping the mapping ecosystem, and empowering tens of millions of local SMB around the world.

On the path of implementation, GoWithMi will give priority to developing countries such as Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Africa, where 4 billion people are in desperate need of more equitable basic location services. Currently, GoWithMi service has reached the world's fourth largest populous country, Indonesia, and will soon cover major Southeast Asian countries. Based on this, it will cover the whole world and accelerate the coverage of the global Blockchain to the real economy. 

